♪ [music] ♪
All right, now we're going
to learn about ejecting.
So far in this application,
we've been using something called Create
React App. And what that does is, it tucks
away all of the hard parts of all of the
tooling behind building a React
application, and it does it all for you.
So if you've ever tried to build a
modern JavaScript application,
you know that you can sometimes wake up 10
hours later just rocking on the ground,
being, like, "Why are there so many
Webpack files and what is Babel?
What's the difference between a preset and
a plugin, and which one do I need?
And I have six different boilerplates, and
nothing works. I just want to write some
JavaScript." And it's the most
frustrating thing around.
So what Create React App does is
it takes all of that stuff, it builds you
a really nice sort of, like, common
default, and it puts it behind its own
package called "react-scripts."
Now, that is great because we have gone
this whole tutorial learning with it. But
you might be asking,
"Okay, I want to do a little bit something
custom. I know a little bit about Webpack.
How do I get a custom ESLint set up? How
do I customize my Webpack setup?
How do I do custom Babel plugins?"
And if you need to do that,
and when you need to do that, what you
need to do is eject from Create React App.
So we're going to go from no longer just
having this tidy little source directory
in our baby little Public folder with
an Index and an Icon in it.
And it's going to actually give us
everything. So ejecting is one-way,
you can't kind of un-eject, so what I like
to tell people to do is just do this on a
branch in Git. So I just created a new Git
repository here, and I'm going to check
out a new branch called "ejected." Just so
that if I want to un-eject,
I can go back. I can roll that branch
back. And then what we want to run,
if you look at "package.json," you'll see
that there is an eject here,
and we simply just run "npm run eject."
Are you ready? Five, four,
no, I'm just kidding. Here we go! And do
you want to eject? Of course,
we do. And then it is going to give us all
of the dependency files as well as install
all of the dependencies that we need for
this to work. When it has finished we can
type "git status" and it will show us that
we've edited "package.json" as well as
added two new folders, "config" and
"scripts." Let's take a quick look.
Open "package.json" first, and you'll
notice that, holy smokes,
look at all of this new stuff that has
been added. There's probably about 30 or
40 lines of other dependencies, and this
stuff is not new. It was just previously
tucked away in the React scripts for us,
so we don't have to worry about what the
heck is "gzip-size" and "rimraf" and
"extract-text-webpack-plugin," and all of
that stuff. So what this doing is it's
allowing us to use Babel,
ESLint, Webpack, Webpack Dev Server, as
well as all of the loading that we need
behind the scenes.
So when we've ejected, we have this
external Webpack file. You can open that
up. You can just take a look at,
"How does Webpack work?" I'm not going to
go through all of it,
just because that's an entire series in
itself. However, if you wanted to add
something, like maybe you want to add your
own SASS loading, or you want to add
inline styles, or your own dev server, or
some sort of reloading that you wish to
use, you can edit the Webpack file here
and you'll have a little bit more control
over how it works. I generally like to
stay with Create React App as long as I
possibly can, because it just gets out of
your way. And then it's sort of nice if
you do need a little bit more control. You
can eject and get access to this really
well-built Webpack setup. And it's not
like you're going to write this thing from
scratch, but you can tweak a few things
here or there. Another thing in your
"package.json" is it also gives you access
to your ESLint commands here.
And if you have some custom ESLint rules,
which a lot of developers do,
then you can add them to the
"package.json." It was recently taken out
of the "eslintrc" file into
"package.json." There's some stuff around
testing here with Jest, which is what a
lot of people use to test the React
components, as well as has all of your
Babel presets. So maybe you wanted to try
out some of the experimental Babel preset
features. What you could is you can add
stage one or stage zero
to this, no problem.
So Create React App, really nice for just
getting up and running,
and you can eject if you need a little bit
more control. So that is it!
Whoo, what a series! I want to thank you
so much for joining me in learning React.
I hope that you learned a lot. I hope that
you really understand how React works,
and you're excited to go build more. If
you've got any feedback or any questions,
or if you have some ideas as to what you'd
like to see from me next in terms of
tutorial, please feel free to hit
me up on the chat or anything like that.
I would love to hear from you.
Other than that, thanks again,
and I'll see you in the next video.